Get ready to meet the kind of doctor
everyone in the world should have access to.
A doctor that understands the value
of keeping an open mind to any kind of healing
that can help his patient,
especially modalities that have no side effects.
So respected is Dr. Dailey that he was voted
best physician in the country three years running
by the Consumers Research Council.
And among the modalities of healing Dr. Dailey
has used alongside standard allopathic practices,
are Reikei; he's a third degree Master.
Crystal healing, sound, color,
and remote healing practices.
One of his favorite diagnostic tools
is Harry Oldfield's PIP imaging system.
(soothing music)
I guess my question is what's right
with this picture?
I have never heard of a physician that uses
so many fabulous modalities as yourself.
Which, of course, has to be part of why you
have been voted Physician of the Year
three years in a row.
Three years in a row?
Well, I'm a believer in whatever floats your boat,
whatever works.
So I'm looking forward to the time
we don't have traditional
and complimentary medicine;
it's therapies.
I'm open to whatever makes people feel better
and be well.
And I'm a big believer in traditional medicine,
surgeries, chemotherapies for cancer,
that kind of thing.
But I found that there are a lot of other
therapies that can be really beneficial and enhance
some of the traditional therapies and also work in ways
that traditional therapies may not be as effective.
And you really, when did you start
going into the, I mean you're obviously
a medical doctor.
Sure.
But when did you start going into what are still
called, if we have to polarize it a bit,
the complimentary therapies?
It's always been a part of my nature in life.
My mother, who is a nurse, was a big believer
in touch therapy.
You know, if we'd fall and skin our knee,
she'd rub it to make it better.
And if it was really serious,
she kissed it.
Uh-huh.
To make the boo-boo go away, and it always worked.
And I just knew from a very early age that touch
could be healing.
My father, interestingly, developed some of the
early lasers and they needed very pure crystals,
so at four years old we had a crystal lab in our basement,
and I was growing alum and sulfur,
and at eight years old, grew a gallium arsenide crystal,
polished the ends, and built my first laser.
And little did I know I'd be using those skills later
working at a company called LaserSurge,
developing surgical applications of lasers
and then actually using the crystals
themselves in healing.
What else could you become with a background like that?
Yes, yes. Sure.
It's a given.
And you use sound, you use color, you vibration,
you use crystals. You use -
Craniosacral.
Yes.
You use all of it.
Reiki. Well, there's so many different ways.
I think you'll hear of vibrational medicine.
If you look at a piano,
it has 12 octaves.
If you go 12 octaves higher, it starts going
faster and faster, a higher frequency.
At that 12 octaves higher, you're now so fast,
you're vibrating it the visible wavelengths of light.
504 angstroms is blue light.
So you might think of blue light as visible sound.
You go higher yet, you get into
radio waves, tv waves, while
Reiki energies are several octaves lower.
And so you begin to appreciate how
if hit two, you know, a C note on the piano,
the other Cs may vibrate in resonance
that you could use your medications for depression
but we know light, for instance,
in Seasonal Affective Disorder can improve
depression in those people.
Well, that's another frequency that's just up higher
in the visible spectrum.
Mm-hm.
We know sound can have big influences.
The Mozart effect and such, so there's a lot of different
ways to get therapeutic effects and a lot of them
that have very little or no side effects
or adverse effects.
One of the other beauties of it.
You're working with Harry Oldfield
at this conference in tandem with each other.
Yes.
Which brings another really interesting element
of work into this, doesn't it?
It's a fantastic element.
Harry and I met about three years ago
in Iceland, and I have been
very interested in energy work,
and I can perceive and visualize some energy fields,
but it's - I've been looking for some kind of
visual imaging system so we could learn about others
and show other people, and I hadn't been
very satisfied with the systems I'd been across.
We were both at a conference called
Heal the Healers in Iceland,
and Harry was there to demonstrate his
what's called Polycontrast Interference Photography
or PIP.
PIP. Mm-hmm.
And I was intrigued immensely because it was
exactly what I'd been looking for,
and I was actually doing the next lecture,
and it was a healing demonstration,
and unbeknownst to me, he started imaging it.
And it confirmed a lot of the impressions I already had,
and we got to talking and found out we had
a lot of common interests in mind/body/medicine
and such and started collaborating.
I would go over to his clinic in London,
he'd come over to the U.S. and it took us on a
wide range of adventures.
Initially primarily in the medical field and then
farther beyond.
Yeah, so you have quite an interesting background,
the two of you together.
And I was lucky enough to be sitting in on
one of the talks yesterday, workshops,
and watch the two of you in the way in which
you work together.
It's really interesting.
Taking someone from the audience and in real time,
his scanning device being able to watch their energy
and then even more, refine it through the filters
to see what's going on in their bodies.
And then watching you, as a Reiki Master,
work with healing,
and I think you also worked with crystal a time or two.
Was it a Marcel Vogel crystal or? Yeah.
Yes, a Marcel. Actually, we used several different kinds.
Yeah.
And for people again, you get into vibrational medicine.
Crystals have a frequency of vibration,
and it differs for each crystal.
For instance, a quartz watch uses a quartz crystal
for timing because it vibrates at a precise frequency,
and you can actually visualize the energy
from the crystal.
And we were showing some of that.
And you can actually show that a healer using them
can actually increase that energy
and interact with the patients to improve problems.
That's the interesting thing.
The potential for diagnostics here seems to me to be
one of the most profound aspects of this technology.
And you, now do you know how to read it
more or less as well as Harry does
when you're looking
at people now?
Well, first you've got to,
Harry's a world-leading expert in this.
Yes.
He developed it and has a number of years
of experience beyond mine.
Right.
But I have been using it with private patients
and finding it immensely helpful.
It picks up, I mean besides the usual medical diagnoses,
and I still rely on the traditional,
if I'm concerned about liver tumors,
I still get a CAT scan.
But we have found it useful to sometimes
pick up illnesses.
He and I were doing a conference in Rochester, New York,
and he picked up something in the right lung
of a patient of actually an attendee in the conference,
and suggested she get it checked out.
Well, she was a smoker and thought it was
lung disease from the smoking.
But she went to her doctor, and they picked up
an early lung cancer in a Stage I, meaning
it hadn't spread anywhere and resected it,
and I ran into her just several months ago,
and she gave me the file, is doing
extremely well, no known spread, and, you know,
it was Harry's visualization of this issue.
He didn't tell her it was lung cancer;
he just said that you should
He was very diplomatic that way.
Yeah, he is.
And also sometimes he doesn' tell you
the energetic changes
don't tell you the exact problem.
Exactly.
One of the other beauties is you don't really
have to know the exact problem
to treat things energetically.
Although, again, with medical illnesses
and diagnosis, we always suggest they see their
physicians for follow-up.
So how often, when you're using this scanning
device working with the client, is this a normal part
of what you would do if you have a new client,
a new patient?
Well, we, in the emergency, I also work
in emergency medicine.
Right.
And I don't use it there.
Mm-hmm.
For one, they were too busy.
You don't have the time.
But we have a Reiki group that meets
once a week that's all day, and it's free
so that patients, if cost is ever an issue.
And the people that attend it,
one of the things it's not required you know Reiki,
that those that attend it, everyone there
gets a healing.
Usually they last about 30 minutes.
And then they learn to participate in how to do them.
Which is tremendously empowering.
For instance, chemotherapy patients.
Some of the chemos are more targeted
and have less side effects, but some of the traditional
chemotherapies caused hair loss, nausea,
vomiting, anemias with low blood counts,
and we found some of these energy therapies
can be quite helpful.
For instance, the nausea that's associated,
I'm aware of all the usual free radicals and stuff
in traditional chemo that might be behind that.
But energetically, there's an area here called
the third chakra.
If you've ever had a stomach ache,
where do you put your hands?
Right.
"Mom, I don't feel good."
Well, the somach's actually up here.
You feel the third chakra.
And you can show them to place their hands there
and give energy and often improve
the nausea and vomiting in as little as
10 or 15 minutes.
And I've had chemotherapy patients,
when Zofran was investigational at the time.
It was extremely expensive, but had been
in vomiting, time after time,
and it's not like the flu where you vomit a few times
and then stop.
So it was just continuous.
And giving her all sorts of medications.
Prednisone, Reglan, Compazine
and then 12 doses of the Zofran hadn't helped,
and I happened to be passing through.
Would you mind seeing her,
and in 15 minutes we're pulling out her IV,
and she goes home.
And one of their comments was,
they actually had used $12,000 of Zofran,
it's much cheaper now,
was that if we tried that first,
we could have saved $12,000.
Amazing.
More importantly, you can teach the patients
to do it for themselves.
So before her next chemo she can do that,
hopefully to prevent the nausea and vomiting.
And if she develops it, she can do it for herself.
In addition, I still believe in all the other medications.
But sometimes you don't need them.
We found usefulness in preventing hair loss
or reducing hair loss.
Sue Spitalli, who gives permission to use her name,
had Stage IV lymphoma, very advanced.
Told her she'd need a marrow transplant,
and two weeks into her therapy was bald,
had lost all her hair.
Her brother and husband had shaved their heads
in solidarity, a very nice gesture,
but we started doing Reiki on her for the nausea
and the hair.
Her hair grew back faster than theirs did.
That's amazing.
Kind of ticking them off,
but more importantly, during the same
chemotherapy that she lost it in the first place.
You know, it's non-toxic, no adverse effects.
We don't promise them they won't lose hair
or that it'll grow back, but we leave room to be well.
What about the tumors themselves?
Um.
And I know it's a little different with various
types of cancers
Sure.
such as leukemia and all,
but what about the tumors themselves?
Are there any times when you can actually preempt it
when you can see something and preemptively act?
I again, still a believer in traditional medicine.
I know.
We never guarantee that things are going to get better.
One of the things I've learned,
healing isn't always curing.
But we've had some patients do remarkably well.
A university medical center near where I live
noticed a small subset of their patients
were doing very well despite severe disease
and decided to have their nurse practitioner
interview them to see if there was any commonality.
And the interesting thing, all of them attended
our Reiki group.
( laughter)
I don't know that the Reiki was responsible.
It might have been their mental attitude and such
or just the fact that they were interested
in wellness and taking care of themselves.
For instance, Joyce Attardo,
who's since passed, but 14 years ago
had a recurrence of breast cancer
all over her body,
eight golf ball sized lesions in the liver,
lung, bone marrow, and the doctor told her
95 percent of the patients in her situation
were usually dead in three months.
Not necessarily good news, but you know,
on the other hand, he's not going to lie to the patients
and say you're going to be fine.
She asked what did the five percent do.
The five percent that got better.
Good question.
That's a great question.
First, what a difference in attitude.
She's not focusing on the people that didn't do well.
She's focusing on being well, and that's a major,
I'm very interested in mind/body/medicine.
That shift alone there told me volumes.
She went on to do a lot of great things for herself,
do incredibly well, great quality of life.
Traveled to Europe three times,
had been a great Italian cook,
and the chemotherapy in the prior two years
had a major impact on her appetite.
She had stopped cooking.
After her very first Reiki treatment, her -
I had seen her because her blood cell count
had gone down to 0.0.
They had her in the hospital for five days
until it came up to 3.5.
She was very tired, and my wife had gone,
she's a big quilter and asked a quilt group
to finish six quilts she started
and hadn't completed in several months
because she was not feeling well and had been told
to get her affairs in order.
They completed them, and she said
you know, have you ever thought of trying these things,
so this was the week before she was in the hospital.
She's now come home on a Saturday.
I saw her on a Sunday, one 45-minute session.
"What's your visualization?
"What do you want to do with your blood cells?"
"Oh, I want to raise it to the roof, to the sky,
"to the stars."
Mm-hmm.
And then following week, her white count went
from 0.0 to 45,000.
Normal is about 12,000.
Wow.
So the following week, I suggested maybe we
should aim for about 12,000,
and it was 12.3 the following week,
and they also repeated the 45,000 to be
certain that was correct, which it was.
So you can see for some people how the power
of the mind can have a huge influence.
Why not tap into it?
Oh, absolutely.
And along with that, I mean you're using intention
with almost all these modalities.
Sure.
Anyway, right?
Well, intention is probably one of the most
key important factors here,
and we, in traditional medicine we are very much
into the medications and the physicality of things
and stitch the laceration.
But what about the intention for it to heal?
Before each and every patient,
I go in, I consciously set the intention to help them.
Can that make a difference?
For me, I totally believe it does.
And for me, it does for that reason.
And the amazing thing if you believe
it doesn't make a difference, it won't.
Because that's your belief system and your influence.
Absolutely.
In fact, just to interject, a dear friend of mine
had a very, very difficult surgery.
It was an ileostomy.
Oh sure.
Which is going to be classically very bloody.
And she had, she was pretty much
in and out of consciousness.
They didn't know if she'd make it
to the next day, honestly, it had gone so far.
The internal bleeding.
She said to herself, and she had enough energy
to tell the doctor before the operation,
"This will be a bloodless surgery."
And she's still legend in the hospital to this day.
The nurses and doctors still talk about the fact
that there was almost no blood
in a classically bloody surgery.
Sure.
Well, I think you can, you know.
There are sometimes just about everything you do
the outcome isn't what you desire.
But I think you can improve a lot of these outcomes.
There was a patient, and I actually took care
of the driver, but it was a truck in a bad accident
and the 17-year-old female in it had a liver laceration
and nearly bled to death.
Her blood level, which was normal at 40% when she arrived,
went down to 14%,
which normally would be lethal,
but she was young, we transfused her aggressively,
four units of blood, and for three days it stayed at 27%.
Well, she also fractured one of the bones
in her spine,
the first lumbar was compressed, a compression fracture,
and having severe pain.
She was in the ICU, and her family actually
asked me to see her for the pain.
She hadn't been out of bed for three days.
And we went in and used both Reiki and something
called Hemi-Sync, a sound kind of therapy,
for a 30-minute session,
and she was able to get out of bed
right after the session.
Interestingly, her blood level at 27%,
we did four treatments over five days.
I was out of town one day,
went from 27% to 36%.
That's the equivalent of a three-unit transfusion
without the $1,500 cost,
without the risk of Hepatitis, AIDS,
or any other blood borne illness.
And the fourth day when I went up,
she was illegally off the sixth floor
down in the lobby,
so she was getting around a lot better.
(soft laughter) Amazing.
Before we continue on to another
subject I'd like to get into with you,
I'd like to go back to the PIP
a little bit again.
Tell us, if you would, some of the other
things you've noticed or discovered using the
technology with the patients.
Well, one of the things I found, both Harry and I
have found interesting,
is the potential use of PIP for mental
and psychiatric illnesses.
Because we've seen patients with very distinct
changes in their fields.
One of a psychotic 15-year-old crack addict
who was hearing voices telling her very bad
negative things,
and you could see changes in what's called
the crown charka here,
which was split in half.
She was acting out sexually,
and you could see changes in the base chakra
in her pelvis area,
and it also brings to mind that not only its use
as possibly as a diagnostic tool.
I mean traditionally it takes a long time
to interview these patients and get all the facts,
which is still important and needed to be done.
But it would be nice to just take a quick peek that
might give you some idea or direction
on how to head.
But it also begs a question, perhaps energetic therapies
might be of benefit to these patients.
I mean, I'm, again, a big believer in
traditional medicines, but there are
areas like thought field therapy,
using energy medicine type of ideas to
treat psychiatric illnesses, rapid eye movement
desensitization.
There was a friend of mine who was
a Vietnam Veteran, a Navy Seal, waking up
cold sweats every night.
His wife occasionally he would be strangling
her in bed.
I mean, she would stop him and bring him back quickly,
but it happened on a pretty frequent,
very disruptive basis.
Years of therapy.
One 30-minute session, it was gone.
Amazing.
To this day, I still, I was present
when it occurred.
Amazing.
When he was having the therapy.
It was, it looked so easy.
Right.
But it has to do with the idea of
some acupuncture with energy and intentions.
If you think of Meridian or acupuncture systems
being wiring for various parts of the body,
it might make sense.
To affect the brain by plugging into
one of the sockets somewhere else.
And I've seen it in multiple other occasions
be very effective for them.
And you, off camera you were telling me about colic.
Okay.
And this could be really good news some parents.
Oh, infant colic.
One of the easiest things,
it's usually a third chakra issue.
It's in the upper tummy area here,
and you don't need to know much about it.
It can't be that easy.
Derek was six months old.
We were entertaining several families,
and screaming for the past 24 hours,
the mom looked fit to be tied.
And I simply asked if I could hold Derek,
and, "Here, take him."
And you had the camera on at this time?
We actually had someone there
who had a the camera was available who,
when I picked up the child up,
stopped crying immediately,
so they started taking images.
And you basically all you have to do
if you picture sunshine coming in the top of your head,
not your hands or however you like to visualize it,
white light,
it's that simple.
It helps to turn the thought system on
to send these energies.
And for the left-brain skeptic
who says it can't be that easy, it can.
It doesn't have to be hard.
Well, you were watching it at the time.
Yes.
So you picked the baby up.
Well, the amazing thing is in about eight minutes,
he was asleep.
And you can do this with your own child.
I had a friend, a radiologist,
who had twins and every night had to
put them in the car and drive them for two hours
until they'd fall asleep.
And he would do two at once,
both in the back, one hand on knee.
(laughing) A double Reiki Master.
And said geez, if he learned this earlier,
he could have saved 100,000 miles of driving time.
(laughing) That's interesting.
Well, I assume that the applications to be able
to have the validation of using the PIP
to see exactly
what's going on with these ancient modalities
of healing that you know about and others
like you know about.
Yes.
Others are terribly skeptical about really is this,
that is the gift, that's an incredible gift
to be able to see this universe.
Well, it is.
Some of the perceptions you've had you get to validate
and actually see them take place on camera.
We had some work we were doing at a mind/body
research institute in Virginia,
and someone who was psychically gifted
that was a graduate of the Barbara Brennan
School of Healing so they saw a white cross
on their chest when they did the healing work,
and when we imaged her while doing that,
she had a white cross on her chest.
And it was, we all kind of looked at one another
to say, "Wow," that's an amazing synchronicity
to actually see that take place.
Well, you're quite comfortable with all of this now,
I assume nothing really surprises you that
comes out on these images.
One of the things yesterday watching you
was the images coming out of the crystal
when you were doing a crystal healing on someone.
Yes.
Now, a lot of people don't understand crystals
and don't understand how to work with them.
It's pretty and they'll set it down and look at it
from time to time,
but actually, it doesn't have to be
that difficult in working with.
Oh, actually anybody can.
They're very simple.
The Native Americans used turquoise.
They made squash blossom necklaces here.
Torquoise is a blue stone.
It has tremendous healing ability
for both the heart and the throat chakra.
And so it's a natural great stone to place
in those areas.
But, you know, you can measure frequencies
of vibrations of crystals.
We've been doing it in the lab for years.
If you stimulate crystals with electricity,
they vibrate.
If you compress crystals, they will
generate electricity or you can rub two quartz
crystals in the dark and get light.
I used to do that a lot in demonstrations until
and I had two enormous ones I was rubbing together,
and you could see them light up.
And then one of them shattered,
so I stopped doing that.
(laughter)
But you can actually see the field as they project.
You can also see the effects of different shapes.
When they're long and have very fine terminations,
they come to a nice point,
you'll see it project like a flashlight.
Versus a circular one that radiates like a globe,
like you might expect.
If a person watching this is thinking,
"My gosh, I really need to start getting on board
"my own healing train," and say they wanted to work with,
well, Reiki we know you can get to Reiki.
Mm-hmm.
You can take a class and learn how to do Reiki
and become certified.
But say they want to work with crystals.
Are there certain characteristics you look for
in crystals that would be used as a healing crystal?
We could spend a month.
(laughter)
You know, at first it doesn't have to be hard.
When we, we use them in our healing group,
you can use any crystal anywhere.
That's the first rule.
You will hear about specific crystals being great
for specific things,
and there are.
Lapis is good around the throat and on the forehead.
Amethyst is great on the heart
and also on the stomach for nausea.
But any crystal will work anywhere,
and the internet's a great place to start.
There is so much information out there.
If you look, ICEM. We're here for the ICEM Conference.
I love this conference and everything about it.
They get into some incredibly wonderful areas,
crystal healing and this PIP imaging,
when you look through the list of speakers
internationally known,
and there's a lot of scientific validation
that goes with it.
One of the things that appeals to me.
We're not talking this woo-woo kind of stuff.
Quantum physicists explaining a lot of these energies.
Some of the top quantum physicists.
Oh, quantum physicists.
Claude Swanson's here.
John Hagelin.
Yup.
You know, Claude Swanson.
He's wonderful. He's on this site, too.
We've interviewed him.
Yes, he actually,
we put on a conference in Rochester.
He was one of the speakers,
along with Dr. Norm Shealy,
who just one of the nicest, most sincere,
incredible healers/teachers, and he's a neurosurgeon.
And he invented the Tens Unit,
which I remember using on a patient,
I originally trained in surgery that we had
taken her gallbladder out,
was so impressed how it reduced the pain
in the incision,
and it was enormously satisfying to meet him here
years, later, to meet the man who invented it
and then find out he seems so normal
and balanced on the surface.
He's so way out there, I looked normal.
(laughter)
It was so incredible.
But he's so intelligent.
Yeah. Everybody here is absolutely brilliant.
Yes.
So in wrapping it up, I mean one of the,
you work with The Monroe Institute,
you've worked with some of the Hemi-Sync.
Also, I noticed on your bio something about
the Dolphin Energy Club.
Yes.
Where you actually do remote healing as well.
And this is really important to know that we are
not limited by time and space to heal one another.
Absolutely.
In Reiki, in second degree Reiki you will also
learn about that.
One of the thoughts,
can we affect healing from a distance?
Absolutely.
There have been studies, Columbia, I believe it was
Columbia Presbyterian 53 patients in the control group
in the ICU,
53 in the experimental,
and the experimental, they were prayed for
in various ways.
Some, you know, Christian, Muslim, Jewish.
And the importance was not the modality of prayer,
but the fact that they were prayed for.
And prayer is just focused intention.
And the experimental group had no deaths,
less intubations, were discharged sooner from the ICU,
and it was statistically significant.
And this has been replicated many times over.
In the Dolphin Energy Club,
we actually have a lab there, and we
brain mapped with an EEG machine and had
many different people,
some of them very famous healers,
do their healing and measured their brain wave pattern.
What we did was then go and engineer
what kind of sound pattern might produce
that brain wave spectrum.
So that you could listen to it and sort of learn
to very quickly be able to project healing energy.
Which is actually easy to do even without
the taped proceeding.
Just with pure intention?
With pure intention.
What's one of your favorite -
give us a little visualization that you find,
just a simple favorite that people can begin
working with
Sure.
with someone who's not feeling well perhaps.
We actually have someone we just saw a short while ago
who was in coma, and I can just visualize,
just picture him in my head,
and it's as simple as sending loving, toughtful intentions.
And for people that don't think it could be
that simple or be effective, you know,
we have studies to show that it is.
And that's the beginning.
It's just simply just good thoughts and intentions.
You know, if we put someone in the room
and send loving kind of thoughts,
they will feel better after 10 or 15 minutes versus
if you send very negative thoughts.
They will feel worse.
So we can actually image and show their field
expand or contract with the PIP system.
And if you ask them how they feel,
they will report a subjective difference.
"Oh, I feel better now."
But even if you blind them and tell
the experimental group, "Think warm loving thoughts,"
actually, at this point in time,
I never send anything negative for just that reason.
We used to do both, and you would see a very consistent
pattern or change in people.
Same thing when I approach my patients.
That's why I always check my stuff at the door.
If I'm carrying a lot of emotional baggage,
I stop to clear those and intend
to have a very loving, warm, healing environment
for this special person I'm about to see.
And that's interesting because we always,
in many of these interviews we get back
to the word "love" for all that it means,
and it means many things to many people.
It is the greatest healer.
And does it work? Well, I think so.
My Press Ganey scores which the hospital measures
are out of sight,
as one of my recent job performance appraisals,
the chair of the department at that time
said there were more letters of thanks and excellence
in mine than all the other physicians
in our department combined.
I don't think it's an accident.
It's the love. The love you put into them.
Yes.
The open mindedness.
And they feel it.
Absolutely.
Well, I wish I had known doctors like you
throughout my life, and everybody watching I'm sure
wishes their doctor were like your doctor.
And in the interim, we really need to start
taking it upon ourselves to do the healing.
Well, that is the biggest key you just here there, Regina.
Is you don't need to wait.
Take care of ourselves.
We're in this hectic, frantic-paced, you know,
job, cell phones.
Cell phones, I think are one of the
greatest technological advances
and one of the worst interferences in our life.
You know, I don't like to carry mine.
I do in important times
just because I don't want it interrupting me.
Take time for a massage.
Take time to stop.
One of the things my cancer patients taught me, you know,
one of the great lessons is live for the moment.
I went after one of them planted a rose garden
because they could stop and literally smell the roses.
I borrowed their idea and put them in my backyard,
and in the summer when it's beautiful out,
no matter how hectic when I get home,
the first thing take the shoes off, walk in the grass
and smell them.
The rest of your day's gotta be better.
What, what truth. Simple wisdom.
So true.
Anything that you would like to share with us
as we wrap this conversation up?
It's just been delightful sitting with you.
Well, I'd send them loving, warm intentions
for everyone that's watching this
and you'll feel better today.
Take a few moments to think that and appreciate it.
Thank you so much.
Thank you very much, Regina.
Brian Dailey certainly gives new meaning to
what it means to be called "The Good Doctor."
Meanwhile, to find out more about the PIP technology,
you won't want to miss our interview with Harry Oldfield.
If you haven't seen it yet, it is not to be missed.
Until next time, thanks for watching.
(soothing music)